Update `Community Contributors` with new badge designs (#9879)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/People/Community_Contributors/en.md

| ::{ flag=TR }:: [frukoyurdakul](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7612550) | Outstanding contribution to the osu!taiko mapping scene via utility development |
| ::{ flag=BR }:: [LeoFLT](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3668779) | Outstanding contribution to the osu! tournament scene and the World Cups |
| ::{ flag=US }:: [ChillierPear](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9501251) | Outstanding contribution to the osu! tournament scene and the World Cups |
| ::{ flag=NL }:: [cavoeboy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7361815) | Outstanding contribution to osu! IRL events and the tournament scene |

## History

During February 2018, the old contributor badge by [RBRat3](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/307202) was redesigned by [flyte](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3103765) due to not matching the new website's colour scheme.[^redesign-reasons]

![1st design change comparison](img/design-change-1.png)

> Due to a lack of "soul",[^redesign-reasons] the design was changed again on 21 July 2023. This time the initial design was refreshed by [RBRat3](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/307202) and split into two versions, where older contributors (with a user ID below 4,000,000) saw a revert to the original while newer contributors received a more colourful variant.

Reviewer: country flags on all the user links unless there is some reason not to these days idk

Reviewer: second RBRat mention also might not need a link at all since it's so soon after the first one, your call

| ::{ flag=BR }:: [LeoFLT](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3668779) | Outstanding contribution to the osu! tournament scene and the World Cups |
| ::{ flag=US }:: [ChillierPear](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9501251) | Outstanding contribution to the osu! tournament scene and the World Cups |
| ::{ flag=NL }:: [cavoeboy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7361815) | Outstanding contribution to the osu! IRL events and tournament scene |

## History

> During 2018, the old contributor badge was redesigned due to not matching the new website's colour scheme.

Author: maybe the wording is not exact but it should be true enough. i've added a bit more info too

![1st design change comparison](img/design-change-1.png)

> The design was then changed once again on 21 July 2023, this time split into two versions of the old design, where older contributors (with a user ID below 4,000,000) saw a revert to the original while newer contributors received a more colourful variant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The design was changed again on 21 July 2023, this time split into two versions of the initial design, where older contributors (with a user ID below 4,000,000) saw a revert to the original while newer contributors received a more colourful variant.
```
very nitpick but writing "then" kinda makes it sound like this was a related event happening in succession
and then old->initial since "old" could at this point refer to the result of first change
